Now that we’ve connected our feed to Smartly.io,
we can finally get started with
building our video templates.
To do that, we go to “Library” and “Templates”.
To create a new template, go
to “New” and “Video Template”.
Now you have a couple of options.
You can either start with one
of our pre-made templates.
You could start entirely from scratch for this
training by selecting “Create From Blank”,
or you start with the PSD file you
downloaded, so let’s go with that option.
Before we take any action, let’s first
take a crash course of the interface.
What we have here at the bottom is our timeline.
It contains all the layers from the original PSD.
We will take a look at them in a moment.
In the main window, we can see our preview
of all our layers, also known as the canvas.
On the left, you can add new layers, for example,
a new text layer, shape
layer, image, video, or sound.
You can, of course, zoom in and out
of the canvas, play the timeline,
go to the beginning, and mute or unmute it.
On the right, we currently have our template
settings tab, and if we select any of the layers,
we jump into the layer settings tab
and have a multitude of options here.
At the top, we can align our
layer, and we can rename it.
Then we have these actions to hide a
layer, duplicate it, delete it, or hide it.
We can change its position and size and rotate it.
Here we have a text layer: We can edit the
text, the font, font-weight, size, and more.
And finally, set the time the layer is
visible and add intro and outro animations.